<ui:composition xmlns="https://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	template="templates/template.xhtml">
	<meta charset="ISO-8859-1" />
	<ui:define name="maincontent">

		<div id="about_master_content_container">

			<div id="about_master_content_container_header">
				<h2>About Us</h2>

			</div>

			<div id="about_master_content_container_left_col">


				<h2>Customer Services</h2>

				<br />

				<p>
					<a href="#">Orders</a>
				</p>
				<br />
				<p>
					<a href="#">Payment</a>
				</p>
				<br />
				<p>
					<a href="#">Delivery</a>
				</p>
				<br />
				<p>
					<a href="#">Support and Aftersales</a>
				</p>
				<br />
			</div>

			<div id="about_master_content_container_right_col">
				<div id="about_master_content_container_right_col_inner">
					<h3>About NB Gardens</h3>
					<p>NB Gardens was established in 1875 as a traditional catalogue
					company based in Stockport, the North-West of England.</p>
					
					<p>We specialise in gnomes, gnome accessories and garden ornanements 
					and pride ourselves on the speed and quality of our service to our 
					ever-expanding customer base.</p>
					
					<p>We are renowned for the quality of our products, sourcing stock from
					only the finest suppliers. Consequently, this encourages our customer base
					to be loyal and predominantly high-value.</p>
					
					<p>NB Gardens employs over 600 employees who process 2000 orders per day;
					and over 40000 telephone orders every month. Each order is processed within 15 minutes
					which is why our net income for 2015 was &#163;100 million pounds,
					with this year's profit forecast set to exceed this.</p>
						
					<br />

					<h3>Corporate Responsibility</h3>
					<p>NB Gardens is the UK's leading gnome and garden specialist retailer,
					so it is only right that we conduct responsible retailing.</p>
					
					<p><b>This includes the following:</b></p>
					
					<p>"Keeping Clean and Green" - how we deal with environmental issues such as 
					waste management and energy consumption</p>
					
					<p>"Shopping for Tomorrow" - we are extending our product range to help you
					make more responsible choices, conserve resources and save money</p>
					
					<p>"Sourcing with Care" - we take pride and focus on our timber sourcing,
					chemical strategy and ethical trading conditions in our supply chain</p>
					
					<p>"Being a Good Neighbour" - how we support the local and national communities
					in which we operate</p>
					
					<p>These are just some of the practical ways in which we try to be socially,
					ethically and environmentally responsible.</p>	
		
					<br />

					<h3>NB Gardens and the Environment</h3>
					<p>At NB Gardens we believe in taking a responsible approach to our environment and our
					local communities. We're committed to reducing the impact our business has on the 
					environment as well as helping you to do the same.</p>
					
					<ul>
					<li><b>Some of our recent achievements</b></li>
						<p>85% of waste from the business is now recycled</p>
						<p>20% reduction in waste sent to landfill</p>
						<p>5% reduction in carbon footprint</p>
					</ul>
					
					<ul>
					<li><b>Some of our future achievements</b></li>
						<p>Divert more than 90% of all our waste from landfill by recycling and further opportunities</p>
						<p>Continue to reduce our total waste tonnage to achieve 20% </p>
						<p>Reduce CO2 emissions per sq ft by 25% by 2020</p>
					</ul>
					
					<p>We believe that working to meet these objectives is the best way to live up to your expectations
					of us as a retailer, enhance our reputation and manage our resources effectively in the face of rising costs.</p>
					
					<br />

					<h3>NB Gardens and Recycling</h3>
					
					<h4>Catalogues</h4>
					<p>With your help, we're reducing the impact our business has on the environment.</p>
					<p><b>Did you know:</b></p>
					
					<ul>
						<p>Your NB Gardens catalogues is 100% recyclable</p>
						<p>We source the paper from sustainably managed forests and controlled sources</p>
						<p>Our old catalogues are particularly sought after by newspaper print manufacturers</p>
					</ul>
					
					<p>All our catalogues can be recycled, at any of the following places:</p>
										
					<ul>
						<p>Local Authority Collections - If your local authority provides you with newspaper
						collection services, then they can take away our old catalogues</p>
						<p>Local Recycling Points - If these are more convenient, take your catalogue to your nearest collection
						point</p>
					</ul>
					
					<p>So when you receive your new catalogue, please try to recycle your old one.</p>
										
					<h4>Waste Packaging</h4>
					<p>Most waste packaging can be recycled. If you require, our couriers will take away your waste packaging
					when they deliver your new large garden ornament. Cardboard boxes are easy to squash flat and recycle!</p>
						
					<br />

					<h3>Community Policy</h3>
					<p><b>Volunteering</b></p>
					<p>NB Gardens employees are able to request two days off per year to support their local communities. To support
					the policy, NB Gardens are developing links with secondary schools, helping students bridge the gap between school
					and the world of work and gain a better understanding of the retail industry.</p>
					<br />
				</div>

			</div>


		</div>







	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>