<ui:composition xmlns="https://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	template="templates/template.xhtml">
	<meta charset="ISO-8859-1" />
	<ui:define name="maincontent">

		<div id="help_master_content_container">

			<div id="help_master_content_container_header">
				<h2>Help!</h2>

			</div>

			<div id="help_master_content_container_left_col">


				<h2>Customer Services</h2>

				<br />

				<p>
					<a href="#">Orders</a>
				</p>
				<br />
				<p>
					<a href="#">Payment</a>
				</p>
				<br />
				<p>
					<a href="#">Delivery</a>
				</p>
				<br />
				<p>
					<a href="#">Support and Aftersales</a>
				</p>
				<br />
			</div>

			<div id="help_master_content_container_right_col">
				<div id="help_master_content_container_right_col_inner">
					<h2>Frequently Asked Questions</h2>
					<p>Search our FAQs for information on orders, home delivery,
						porous treatment and more.</p>

					<br />

					<h3>What is Porous treatment?</h3>

					<p>A weather-proof seal that can be applied to certain products
						to increase its lifespan.</p>

					<br />

					<h:form>
						<h3>Where's my order?</h3>

						<p>
							You can check the status of any orders in your
							<h:commandLink action="loginpage" value="Account" />
						</p>

						<p>
							If you still have questions regarding orders placed, please
							<h:commandLink action="contact" value="Contact Us" />
						</p>

					</h:form>
					<br />

					<h:form>
						<h3>How long will my order take to be dispatched?</h3>

						<p>We aim to have your items with you within 7 days.</p>

						<p>Orders are dispatched every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.</p>

						<p>
							If after 7 days - since placing your order - you still have not
							received your order, then please
							<h:commandLink action="contact" value="Contact Us" />
						</p>

					</h:form>
					<br />

					<h:form>
						<h3>How do I return unwanted items?</h3>

						<p>Every order contains a freepost box that you can use to
							return any unwanted/damaged items.</p>

						<p>
							If your order did not contain a freepost box, please
							<h:commandLink action="contact" value="Contact Us" />
						</p>

					</h:form>
					<br />

					<h3>Where do you dispatch to?</h3>

					<p>We deliver to all addresses in the United Kingdom, including
						Northern Ireland.</p>

					<p>At present, we do not offer international delivery.</p>

					<br />

					<h:form>

						<h3>How does the "buy now, pay if satisfied" policy work?</h3>

						<p>It's all in the name; once you have received your order,
							you have up to 28 days to decide if you're happy with it.</p>

						<p>If you're unsatisfied, you can return it with the provided
							freepost box and you don't need to pay a thing!</p>
						<br />

						<h3>Cannot find an answer for your question?</h3>

						<p>
							<h:commandLink action="contact" value="Contact Us" />
						</p>
					</h:form>
					<br />

				</div>

			</div>

		</div>

	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>