<ui:composition xmlns="https://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	template="templates/template.xhtml">
	<meta charset="ISO-8859-1" />
	<ui:define name="maincontent">

		<div id="terms_master_content_container">

			<div id="terms_master_content_container_header">
				<h2>Terms &amp; Conditions</h2>

			</div>

			<div id="terms_master_content_container_left_col">


				<h2>Customer Services</h2>

				<br />

				<p>
					<a href="#">Orders</a>
				</p>
				<br />
				<p>
					<a href="#">Payment</a>
				</p>
				<br />
				<p>
					<a href="#">Delivery</a>
				</p>
				<br />
				<p>
					<a href="#">Support &amp; Aftersales</a>
				</p>
				<br />
				<p>
					<a href="#">Terms &amp; Conditions</a>
				</p>
				<br />
			</div>

			<div id="terms_master_content_container_right_col">
				<div id="terms_master_content_container_right_col_inner">
					<h:form>
						<h5>(Updated on 25th July 2016)</h5>
						<p>This website is operated by NB Gardens Limited (referred to
							as "NB Gardens/we/our/us"). As a user of this website (referred
							to as "you/your") you acknowledge that any use of this website
							including any orders you make ("use/using") is subject to our
							terms and conditions below.</p>

						<p>
							In addition, you will find other useful information within
							<h:commandLink action="help" value="Customer Services" />
						</p>

						<p>Please:</p>

						<ul>
							<li>Read through these terms and conditions carefully before
								using this website.</li>
							<li>Print a copy for future reference.</li>
							<li>Also read our Privacy Policy section regarding your
								personal information.</li>
						</ul>


					</h:form>
					<br />

					<h4>1. General</h4>

					<p>1.1 We reserve the right to change these terms and
						conditions at any time. Any such changes will take effect when
						posted on the website and it is your responsibility to read the
						terms and conditions on each occasion you use this website and
						your continued use of the website shall signify your acceptance to
						be bound by the latest terms and conditions.</p>

					<p>1.2 If you are not a consumer, you confirm that you have the
						authority to bind any business on whose behalf you use this
						website.</p>

					<p>1.3 Certain website services will require registration and
						subsequent access to those services will be subject to an approved
						login name and password. Information that you provide on this
						website must be accurate and complete.</p>

					<br />

					<h4>2. Order Process</h4>

					<p>2.1 The 'confirmation' stage sets out the final details of
						your order. Following this, we will send to you an order
						acknowledgement email detailing the products you have ordered.</p>

					<p>2.2 Acceptance of your order and the completion of the
						contract between you and us will take place on dispatch to you of
						the products ordered unless we have notified you that we do not
						accept your order or you have cancelled it.</p>

					<br />

					<h4>3. Delivery</h4>

					<p>3.1 This website is only delivery of products to customers
						in mainland UK and Northern Ireland addresses. We cannot deliver
						to the Channel Islands, Isle of Man, Orkney, Shetland and Scottish
						Islands, BFPO addresses, or the Republic of Ireland. All goods
						must be signed for by an adult aged 18 years or over on delivery.</p>

					<p>3.2 Delivery charges and estimated timsecales are specified
						by our logistics company, Speedy Courier. We make every effort to
						ensure they deliver your goods within the estimated timescales,
						however delays are occasionally inevitable due to unforeseen
						factors. NB Gardens shall be under no liability for any delay or
						failure to deliver the products within estimated timescales.</p>

					<p>3.3 Risk of loss and damage of products passes to you on the
						date when the products are delivered to you or are left with a
						person or place nominated by you.</p>

					<br />

					<h4>4. Payment</h4>

					<p>4.1 We only take payment from your card or PayPal account
						after 28 days have elapsed since the order was delivered. Goods
						are subject to availability. In the event that we are unable to
						supply the goods, we will inform you of this as soon as possible.</p>

					<p>4.2 To ensure that your credit, debit or PayPal account is
						not being used without your consent, we will validate name,
						address and other personal information supplied by you during the
						order process against appropriate third party databases. All
						information provided by you will be treated securely and strictly
						in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.</p>

					<p>4.3 Online price errors. If we discover an error in the
						price of goods ordered or reserved, we will inform you as soon as
						possible. We will provide you the option of reconfirming your
						order at the correct price or cancelling it.</p>

					<p>4.4 Title to any products you order on this website shall
						pass to you on delivery of the products provided that 28 days have
						elapsed and that we have processed and received payment in full
						for the products.</p>

					<p>4.5 All prices are shown in &#163;s sterling and include VAT
						at the applicable current rates.</p>

					<br />

					<h4>5. Returns, Cancellations and Substitutions</h4>

					<p>5.1 We offer a 28 day buy now, pay if satisfied policy;
						where you are only required to pay for your order once this time
						has elapsed.</p>

					<p>5.2 In this case, we do not offer refunds on any of our
						products. Instead, you can place a new order.</p>

					<p>5.3 Sometimes the product specifications from the supplier
						may change, in which case we will do our best to offer you a
						similar alternative. We may experience problems with the supply of
						certain products and may therefore supply a substitute of the same
						or better quality at the same price.</p>

					<p>5.4 All sizes and measurements are approximate but we do try
						to make sure that they are as accurate as possible.</p>

					<br />

					<h4>6. Intellectual Property</h4>

					<p>6.1 You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks
						and all other intellectual property rights in all materials and/or
						content made available as part of your use of this website shall
						remain at all times vested in us or our licensors.</p>

					<p>6.2 You acknowledge and agree that the material and content
						contained within this website is made available for your personal
						non-commercial use only.</p>

					<br />

					<h4>7. Liability &amp; Indemnity</h4>

					<p>7.1 Nothing in these terms and conditions excludes or limits
						liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence,
						fraudulent misrepresentation or any other liability which may not
						otherwise be limited or excluded under applicanle law.</p>

					<p>7.2 Subject to Section 7.2 above, NB Gardens will use
						reasonable endeavours to verify the accuracy of any information on
						the site but makes no representation or warranty of any kind
						express or implied statutory or otherwise regarding the contents
						or availability of the site or that it will be timely or
						error-free, that defects will be corrected or that the site or the
						server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or
						represents the full functionality, accuracy, reliability of the
						website NB Gardens will not be responsible or liable to you for
						any loss of content or material or transmitted through the website
						and NB Gardens accepts no liability of any kind for any loss or
						damage from action taken or taken in reliance on material or
						information contained on the site.</p>

					<br />

					<h4>8. Miscellaneous Provisions</h4>

					<p>8.1 The contract between us shall be governed by the laws of
						England and any dispute between us will be resolved exclusively in
						the courts of England.</p>

					<p>8.2 We have selected our products on the basis that they
						will be used for domestic use only.</p>

					<p>8.3 If you are planning to use them for business purposes
						please make sure that you are covered by the appropriate
						insurance.</p>

				</div>

			</div>

		</div>

	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>